Login.html
^^^^^^^^^^
Welcome
As a security precaution, your session has expired due to inactivity for more than two hours. Please login again
Remember Me
Forgot Password
Resend verification email
Login
New to ezyCommerce?
SignUp

Acivate.html
^^^^^^^^^^^^
is successfully registered for an ezyCommerce account. Your Merchant ID is
Your account is now awaiting approval. This shouldn't take long so we will send you an email as soon as your approval is done. We might contact you if we have further questions relating to your interest.
Once your account is approved, you can now sign into your ezyCommerce account with the user name and password you chose during signup.
Oops! The verification link has expired. Please initiate the 
resend verification email
from the login page if you have not verified
Account approved? Click 
here 
to go directly to the login page
Have questions? Contact us at
or email us at
Close
Success
Merchant Created Successfully...!!!

forgotPassword.html
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Forgot Password
Enter your email address below and we'll help you reset your password
Email
Send Email
Enter your security answer given during SignUp
Security Question
Security Answer
Reset instruction has been sent to your email
Change Password
It appears you've forgotten your password.<br>To create a new one, just enter and confirm it.
New Password
Password should be 8 - 20 characters long. At least one upper case alphabet, one number and one special character like '@', '_', '!'.
Retype Password

Dashboard:
^^^^^^^^^
Filter
SAMPLE
Number of Orders
Number of Products Sold
Number of Units Sold
Total Retail Value
Orders
Notifications
Currently you don't have any notifications to display..
Announcements
3 days ago
No records to display
Delivery Method
By ($/#)
Top Selling Products
Product Name
SKU
No Data Available.
Channel
Domestic
International
Products Sold
Average orders / day
Max Number of orders
Number of unique products
Average order value
Orders by Geography
Storage Used

Orders:
^^^^^^^
Create Order step
Enter the Merchant Order ID, customer address and packing slip information for the order. Search and add products and enter number of units for each product. Click Next to view available delivery options and estimated charges. Fields marked with asterisk (*) are mandatory.
Provide Details
Place Order
Merchant Order ID
Ship To Address
First Name
Last Name
Address Line
City
Town
State
Region
Country
Select
ZIP
Postal Code
Save to address book
Search and Add Products
No matching products found
Click on the suggested product to add them.
Please make sure the product is exportable for international orders. You can edit the product to change the active & exportable status.
Remove the products highlighted in red or resolve the issues in order to create order
Product
Category
Inventory
Weight
No.of Units
Action
EZY-SKU
Fullfillable
Inbound
No products added
Additional Details
Displayable Order ID
Displayable Order Date
See
Other Preferences
for options and Packing list preview
Process Order Date
Your Order will not be sent for fulfillment before this date. If the Process Order Date is today then it will be sent immediately after approval. The date cannot be more than one week in advance.
An identifier for your order assigned by you. The ID should be unique across all Orders.
Displayable Order ID is only used for printing on the packing slip which is sent to your customer.
Displayable Order Date is only used for printing on the packing slip which is sent to your customer.
Remarks
Additional Information
Additional Info
Save as Draft
Cancel
Next
Select a delivery option for your order. You can optionally add enhanced liability coverage up to declared value. Review the total estimated charges for the order. Click 'Save Order' to save and edit the order later. Click 'Save &amp; Approve Order' to approve and send this order for fulfillment. Inventory is allocated only when an Order is approved.
Choose a shipping method
Name
Lead Time
Estimated Cost
Estimated Charges
This is only an estimate based on calculated weight and dimensions. Billing will be based on actuals and may vary.
Estimated Shipping Weight
Product(s) weight + 10% dunnage for packaging weight
Delivery Fee
Volume tier discounts, if any are not shown here
Warehouse Handling Fee
Enhanced Liability Fee
For Insurance Coverage
Total Charges
Fulfillment Order Summary
Shipping Address
Insurance Coverage
Add Enhanced Liability(EL) to your shipment for
EL coverage not available for this Delivery option
Calculated Retail Value
Calculated Declared Value
Calculated values are taken from the product catalog.
Declared Value
Order Declared value is calculated as the sum of product declared value(s) entered in the customs declaration section below
Enhanced Liability Amount
Get EL charges
Cannot be more than declared value. Max EL amount for
Customs Information
Category of shipment
Description
Non delivery instructions
Customs declaration is mandatory for International Orders. Select the products that you want to declare, review the customs information and edit if required. At least one product must be declared for us to ship the order. We will print and enclose the Commercial invoice CN22 / CN23 / CP72 form using the information you enter here.
Note: You will be the Exporter of Record for International orders. We will not hold responsibility for packages held by customs due to improper / false declarations.
Customs Item Description
Number of Units
HS Code
Declared value for all units
Country of Origin
Create Order
Create & Approve Order
Back
Please add atleast one product to create order
Please add only the exportable products for your international orders
Estimated Charges Summary
Approve Order
Insufficient Inventory
Product(s) with
Merchant SKU
have insufficient inventory to fulfill this Order. Please replenish your inventory or remove the product(s) that have insufficient inventory. You can continue to save this order and approve it later
You have unsaved changes
Do you want to save the order as Draft?
Note: Merchant Order ID is required to save as Draft. You can edit it later
No
Yes
Edit Order step
You can edit customer address, packing slip information, add and remove products in the order. Click Next to view available delivery options and estimated charges. Fields marked with asterisk (*) are mandatory.
Issues
Showing
of
Phone
Payment Method
Shipping Service
Shipping ServiceCost
SubTotal
Order Total
Buyer UserID
Buyer Checkout Message
Duplicate
Cancel Order
Select a delivery option for your order. You can optionally add enhanced liability coverage for the declared value. Review the total estimated charges for the order. Click 'Back' to go back to the previous step. Click 'Save Order' to save and edit the order later. Click 'Save &amp; Approve Order' to approve and send this order for fulfillment. Inventory is allocated only when an Order is approved.
Customs declaration is mandatory for International Orders. Select the products that you want to declare, review the customs information and edit if required. At least one product must be declared for us to ship the order. We will print and enclose the Commercial invoice CN22 form using the information you enter here.
Save Order
Save &amp; Approve Order
Edit Order
Please add atleast one product to edit order
Please confirm
Note: Once an order is cancelled it cannot be restored
Search Orders
row(s) selected
Inventory Type
Order Channel
No matching orders found
Apply Filter
Actions
Restore
per page
view
Sort By
Modified Date
Created Date
EZY Order ID
Order
Tracking Number
Delivery By
Date
Status
Products
SKUs
Units
Kg
No products available
Upload Order
We are retrieving your data. Please wait
Order Status
Upload Orders
Has Issues
Unapproved
Approved
In Process
Fulfillment
Shipped
Delivered
Others
Drafts
Cancelled
Download the Orders template and open in Excel or any other spreadsheet. Please read and follow the instructions provided in the 'Guide' sheet before filling the data. Once you have uploaded the file, you can monitor the status in Order file upload summary section below
Prepare your orders file
Click the button to download the template
Update
Order templates conatining more than 100 unique orders cannot be completed(requires multiple uploads)
XLS
Upload and create order ID
Upload your completed orders file. Successful uploads are updated directly to the system, This will create an EZY-Order ID for each of your orders. Unsuccessful uploads will generate a validation report containing detailed error messages
Locate Order File
Upload Now
Note : You can't upload another file until your previous file completes processing
Order file upload summary
Only unsuccessful uploads have a download report option
File Name
Result
Report
No data to display
Order Specifications
Not available
Category of  shipment
Other Category of shipment
Delivery Information
Delivery Option
Delivery Charges
Handling Charges
Enhanced Liability
Total declared value
Destination Address
Weight(KG)
Retail Price
Customs Info
Origin Country
No additional information available
Order History
Track your order activity from here. Click on the tracking number to view the detailed status of your shipment
Date & Time
User
Print
Approve
Tracking History
Event Code
Event Description
Shipment Weight (kg)
Delivery Charge
Note: You might be able to get more detailed tracking milestones for your orders
Domestic Standard, International Standard and International Expedited - Track the shipments through
Domestic Economy - Track the shipments through
International Economy - Track shipments through
If there are no events in
track the shipment directly through the websites of the postal administration of the destination country. For countries with no online tracking updates, SingPost will check with the overseas postal administrations on the status if the addressee did not receive the item after a stipulated time
PO Number
Fulfillable
Damaged
Missing
Reason

Accounts
^^^^^^^^
Add New Channel
New Channel
Show Inactive
Search
Address Book
Add new address
Edit
Default
Return Address
Ship from  Address
Tag
Tags
Warehouse
Address
Province
Landline
Contact Phone
Save
Billing Summary
You can access current and past billing statements here
Balance Summary
The charges shown here are updated as of
Charges will be updated when the next statement is generated on
Please view the Transaction Report under Reports section to view the latest charges
Note: Payment made on or after
will not be reflected in this summary. To view the latest payments please view the payments / adjustments table below
Previous Balance
Payment(s) received
Current charges
Total charges due
Payment due date
Payment mode
Refer to invoice
Download Monthly Statement
Statement Period
Download Method
Download PDF
OR
Send to email
Monthly Statement will be generated on the 28th of every month
You can download monthly statements for the last 12 billing cycles here. If you want to see statement by transaction, download it from the Reports section under Transactions
Payments
Adjustments
Entry Date
Payment/Adj. Date
Reference Number
Invoice Number
Amount (SGD)
Type
There are no payments or adjustments
Old Password
Confirm Password
Change Plan
Here you can upgrade once every 30 days. Please call customer service to downgrade your plan
Existing Plan
Personal
Usage
No. of Products in Catalog
No of orders
ezyFulfillment Subscription Type
Monthly subscription Fee
Until March 2015
Products and Orders
Max. no. of orders per month
Additional orders above maximum
Customer Service
Seller Support
Customized Email Notiffications
Analytics and Reporting
Enhanced Platform Features
Automate order Fulfillment Preferences
Number of concurrent user IDs
Data Backup
Product Catalog Backup
Orders Backup
Marketplace Integration
Sales Channel
eBay Integration (coming soon)
All the basics you need to get started
Free for 30 days
Email only
Dashboard Products
No Backup for detailed product
Backup for 30 days
Additional features to expand your sell
Email and Telephone Support
Shipments
Full Backup for 120 days
Power Seller
For enhanced feature and felxibility in scale
Email,Live chat,Telephone Support
Inventory Aging report
Full backup for 365 days
Orders, inventory, synchronization
Enterprise
Ultimate all in one package with ultimate scale and personalized support
Unlimited
Email,Live chat,Telephone Support,Face to face Trainings
All reports
Full unlimited backup
Plan Changed
You have selected Power Seller Plan
Effective Date
The change will be effective immediately and the billing will be prorated accordinlgy
Connections
You can manage connections to external sales channels - marketplaces and shopping carts here
Sales Channels
Sales Channel
User Name
NA
Update Tracking Status
You don't have any sales channel connected
Start by adding sales channels by clicking on your desired marketplace. Once authorized we will automatically pull orders from all your stores and ship it to your customers based on your preferences
Add new Channels
Edit eBay Store
Store Details
Store Name
Display Name
Deactivate
Features
Auto Fulfillment
Immediate
Imported Orders will directly be sent for fulfillment after x number of days.  Orders that have discrepancies will override and be placed under Pending for further action
Domestic Orders
Standard
International Orders
Priority
Automatically update Shipment status and tracking number
Email me once an order has been imported
An email notification to the registered email will be sent when an order is pulled from this store
You can run reports of your account activity here. You can download all data or use filters to limit results to specific ones
Account Information
Merchant ID
Date joined
Current Password
Contact Details
Contact Number
Company Information
Revenue per annum
Company Size
Year in which company was founded
Permanent employees
Company website
Temporary employees
Business Information
Orders per month
Average units per order
Percentage of domestic orders
Product Category
Electronics, Toys
Number of unique SKUs handled
Number of online channels currently selling in
Sales channel link
No. of oversees countries currently selling in
Close Account
This action will close/delete your account permanently
All inventory must be removed from the warehouse
All Orders must be closed
An email will be sent regarding pending payments
Create Shipment
Please add atleast one product to create shipment
Edit Profile
Email Address
Edit Basic Information
Individual
Business
Company Name
Your Last Name
Company regn. Number (UEN/GSTN)
Your First Name
Save Changes
You can change account password, modify contacts details and manage your account status here
Alternate Contact Number
Update Profile
Corporate Account Number
Spring Grant
Contact Client Service
Send request to Close Account
Adjustment Ref No
Invoice Ref. No
Adjustment Amount
Adjustment Date
OK
Edit Sub Account
Information
Full Name
Date Created
Last Login
Permission
Choose which modules can be viewed
Allows the user to view selected modules
Dashboard
Create/Edit Products
Access to create, modify and perform actions on products
Create/Edit Shipments
Access to create inbound plans, cannot ship Orders
Create/Edit Orders
Access to create and modify orders, cannot approve for Order Fulfillment
Approve Orders
Access to approving orders for fulfillment
Reporting
Access to download All Reports
Billing
Access to view the outstanding amount and download monthly bill
Access to add and modify channels/marketplaces
Email Preferences
You can configure your email preferences here. This will apply to all users of this account
Email me when Product upload is completed
The validation report will be present in attachments if any
Email me when a Product's dimension is updated by EZC
Email me when Product Inventory Fulfillable falls below the corresponding Inventory Alert Level
Email me when Shipment upload is completed
Email me when a Shipment status changes to 'In Transit'
Email me when Order upload is completed
Email me when an Order status changes to Pending - Has Issues
Email me when an Order status changes to Pending - Unaprroved
Email me when an Order status changes to 'In Process'
Email me when an Order status changes to 'Shipped'
Email me when an Order status changes to 'Delivered'
Email me a daily summary on all Pending items (Shipments and Orders)
Email me when monthly invoice is ready to view
Calculator
Use the interactive pricing calculator to get an estimate of Handling and Storage rates based on your volumes. These rates are only for your reference and does not reflect actual usage for your account
Handling
Storage
Delivery
Total Cost per month
Average number of outbound orders per month
Average number of units in each Order
Picking
Packing and Shipping
Average Cost per Order
Average Cost per Unit
Cost per month
Storage, Cycle count and Inv. Mgt
Storage capacity required in cubic metre (cbm)
Help
Delivery rates calculator coming soon
ezyCommerce offers multiple delivery options for Domestic and International orders
Domestic Economy rates start from SGD 3.94 per order
Domestic Standard rates start from SGD 4.99 per order
International delivery has Economy, Standard and Priority options to more than 220 countries. Rates vary by weight and destination and starts from SGD 7.95 per order
Terms and conditions apply
Average Product Size (cm)
Including external packaging, if any
Average units
Product on Storage
Total number of unique Products
Calculate
Estimated Storage capacity required
Connect to your eBay Seller Account
With ezyCommerce, you can sell on eBay and use ezyCommerce as the fulfillment solution for your eBay orders. In order to do this, you need to add your eBay seller account on the ezyCommerce platform
We can synchronize the following information with eBay
Fulfillment Orders
Once you are connected, we will start polling eBay servers periodically to check for new orders under your account. All new and modified orders will be downloaded into your ezyCommerce account
When an order is shipped, status and tracking information is pushed to eBay
Follow the procedure below to add your eBay account to ezyCommerce
Click
Connect to eBay
you’ll be directed to the eBay.com website. Simply enter your eBay credentials and it will link up. eBay has unified logins between all their individual websites for different countries
Enter the required account information – your username and password. EBay uses oAuth security authentication mechanism hence nobody including us will not have access to your account password
After logging in, select
I agree
to grant access for ezyCommerce to access your eBay account and you’ll be redirected back to the ezyCommerce Connections page
You need to make sure that your eBay listings have the same
Merchant SKU in the ‘SKU’ field
so that when we import an order from eBay, we can identify the relevant products to ship. Other forms of product identification such as Product ID, ezy-SKU will not work. Only products with matching ‘Merchant SKU’ will be identified. If you are selling multiple variants of an item, click
to know the process to setup variant SKUs in your eBay listing
If you would like to update shipment tracking information back to eBay, check
Update Order Tracking Status
in the Connections page. Once your orders have shipped, we will automatically push tracking information into Ebay and change the order status to “Shipped”
Note
At this time, we support only Direct eBay connection. We do not support eBay via Paypal IPN connection
Integrate with Shopify
Shopify Domain
Enter you Shopify store domain and proceed to click ‘Connect’. You will be redirected to Shopify’s site to authorize ezyFulfillment by providing your login credentials
Connect to Shopify
My Accounts
Account Settings
User Accounts
Summary
Preferences
Reports
Transactions
Create sub-user
Edit sub-user
Assign your subuser from a set of pre-defined roles to manage your business. You can change the previleges of the sub-users after creation
Password
Date Modified
Permissions
Choose one or more user permissions for your sub-user
Allows the user to edit the respective module
Product Management
Allows the user to create / edit and perform product related actions on products
Fulfillment Management
Allows the user to create / edit Shipment and Orders. The user can perform fulfillment related actions on products
Configuration Management
Allows the user to add / modify sales channels, preferences and download reports. Allows the user to add / edit all sections under My Account except User Accounts
Note: Selecting all the above permissions gives complete access to your account except User Accounts
Create
Manage Credit Card
Your existing card information is shown here. If you would like to edit it or add a new card, you need to delete the existing card info
Credit Card Summary
Card Holder Name
Billing Address
Expiry Date
No Credit card information present
Add New Card
Show Existing Card - Temporary Link to Show static Page
Once you enter the card information, we will authorize and validate the information
Our site is SSL encrypted and your card information is safe with us
Card Number
Card Holder's Name
Expiration Date
CVV
Add
Order Preferences
You can configure your default shipping preferences here. You can turn on automatic order fulfillment to automatically approve external orders upon receipt
Automatic Fulfillment
Automatic Order Approval
Coming Soon
When activated, Orders will be automatically approved on your behalf by applying the preferences in Order defaults. Orders will be put on hold if it matches the below criteria
Hold orders above retail value greater than SGD
and notify via
Note : Existing order defaults will be applied to the orders
Order Defaults
Defaults will be applied to new order. You can still edit the order before approval
Customs Declaration for International Orders
Default Delivery Options
Add Enhanced Liability (EL) coverage on the total Declared Value for
Orders Report
Here you can download all orders  by specifying a date range. Maximum date range allowed is 3 months from the current date. Please call client service and raise a request if you need older records
Download Orders File
Filter Orders
Order Created Date Range
Download
Orders file download summary
You can download up to 10 previously generated files
Filters Used
You don't have any download history
You can set other preferences such as customizing packing list message and setting default label sizes for Shipments
Customize Packing List Message
Enter the name to be printed on the packing List at the header level
This is typically your brand name and how the cutsomers identify you in the market
Enter the footer information to be printed on the packing list (if any)
It can be any message that you want to convey to your customers
Packing slip sample
Shipment Label Defaults
This will be the default label size that will be pre-selected when you create a Shipment. Contact Client Service if you want to order label supplies
Product Label
Template
Box Label
Transactions Report
Here you can download all transactions by specifying a custom date range. Maximum date range allowed is 12 months from the current date. Please call client service and raise a request if you need older records
Download Transaction report
Filter transactions
Transaction Range
Adjustments and payments, if any are not shown in the transactions report
Payments file download summary
Print Setup
Paper Size
A4
Plain Paper
Products Report
Here you can either download all products or download filtered data. Apply the filter and proceed to Download.By default Product Category is All and Active is selected. The report will be in CSV format which can be used for file uploads
Download Products file
Filter Products
InActive
Created Date Range
Download all products
This will download the complete Products catalog ignoring the filters
Products file download summary
Shipments Report
You can download only one Shipment at a time.  Enter either the Shipment ID or Shipment Plan Name that you entered during the creation process
Download Shipments File
Filter Shipment
You have to provide the entire Shipment ID or the Shipment Plan Name. Partial matches will not be accepted
Shipment Plan / ID
Shipments file download summary
Credit Card Details
You can add, edit and remove other users for your account here
Account Owner
Add new sub-user
Sub Users
User ID
User Permissions
You don't have any sub-user set up for this account
Create a sub user account for your sub-ordinates to manage your business. You can control their permissions at all times

Merchant:
^^^^^^^^^
Merchant List
Export Merchants List
Search Merchants
No matching merchant found
Reset
merchants
Company Info
Merchant Name
Pending Approval
Set Context
Activate
Block
Unblock
Automatic Approval
Verification pending
Merchant Status
All
Finance
Please set the merchant context in the merchant table to add payments or adjustments. Once you set the context data for that merchant will be reflected here
Merchant Finance Information
Active From
Current Outstanding Amount
Add New Payment
Add New Adjustment
Previous Receipts
New Payment
Billing Cycle
Payment Ref No
Payment Amount
Payment Date
Create Payment
Confirm Payment
SalesForce Ticket No
SGD
Create Adjustment
Confirm Adjustment
Confirm Adjustments
Merchant Details
You can view merchant details here
Company
Registration Number
Registration type
Pending Manager Order Approval
Number of online channels currently selling
No.of oversees countries currently selling
SPRING
Applied
Apply
Applied Date
Application Outcome
Reject
Rejected
Rejected Date
Grant Period
Start Date
End Date

Products:
^^^^^^^^^
Create Product
Manually fill up the fields to create a product. No two products must have the same Merchant SKU. Apply Customs declaration information to be used in future orders. Fields marked with asterisk ( * ) are mandatory
Dimensions
Advanced Information
Product ID
Cost Price
Manufacturer
Inventory Alert Level
Fragile
Note : All fragile products must be packed in such a way that they pass the standard 4-foot drop test
Customs Declaration
Is Exportable
Product Create Confirmation
Are you sure you want to create the Product without a Product ID (EAN/UPC/JAN/ISBN)?
Please make sure that the Merchant SKU physical barcode is available on the product
An identifier for the product, assigned by you.  The SKU must be unique across all your Products
Longest side of the product should be given as length. Max. Length 105cm and L+2W+2H should not exceed 200cm
We will notify you once the fulfillable quantity hits the alert quantity. Giving 0 will alert you once it is out of stock
Edit Product
Only certain information can be edited. Product defaults cannot be edited after product creation. Fields marked with asterisk (*) are mandatory
Product Defaults
Date Last Modified
Date Since Inactive
General Information
Add a new line
Product History
Track your product activity from here
Line Chart
Is Active
Archive
Search Products
Only Products that have inventory history are shown. Products that were never sent to the warehouse even once will not be shown
Create Fulfillment Order
Create Removal Order
Make Active
Make Inactive
Alert Level
Modified
Product Status
Upload Product
Download the Products template and open in Excel or any other spreadsheet. Please read and follow the instructions provided in the 'Guide' sheet before filling the data. Once you have uploaded the file, you can monitor the status in Products file upload summary section below
Prepare your products file
To get started, please download the import template in one of the formats below. The file contains guidelines on how to fill the template. You can upload a maximum of 500 products at one go
Upload the completed templates
Once you've added your products to the template, upload it here. Don't worry, if your file contains error, we will generate a status report to help you correct those errors
Locate Product File
Product file upload summary
View the status of the file here. If your upload has some problems, you can download a status report which will help you to correct the errors. The same file can be upload again in Step 2
View Product
Customs Declaration Information
Change
Current Inventory Fulfillable
Current Inventory Damaged
Inventory Inbound
Fulfillemnt Order
Removal Order
Shipment Recieved Order
Export

Shared:
^^^^^^^
Unauthorized Access
Sorry, You don't have access to view the page you requested. Please use different credentials or contact Client Service
Client Service
or, login with different  credentials
Oops!
We have redesigned our site and it looks like the page you want has gone on vacation
Here's a little map that might help you to get back on track
Home
Contact
Are you sure you want to leave this page?
Are you sure you want to Archive this Product?
Are you sure you want to create Inactive Product?
Are you sure you want to make product as Inactive?
Are you sure you want to cancel this shipment?
Are you sure you want to restore this shipment?
Are you sure you want to cancel this order?
Are you sure you want to restore this order?
Archive Product
Cancel Shipment
Restore Shipment
Restore Order
Delete User
Submit request to close account
Confirm request
Our client service team will review your account closure request and will contact you if there are outstanding issues regarding your account. All outstanding balances must be paid in full before account can be fully closed. A new account cannot be created with the same details as the closed account. Your data and reports may not be saved once your account has been closed. Please contact Client Service if you are unsure before proceeding to close your account
Update Tracking Status - eBay
Are you sure you don't want to update tracking status back to your sales channel? Your customer will not be aware of the order status & tracking number
Are you sure you want to remove this sales channel? You can no longer receive orders from this channel. If there are outstanding Orders in ezyCommerce from this channel, their status will not be updated
Are you sure you want to delete the user?
Cannot perform product action
Please check at least one product to perform any product action
Welcome to ezyCommerce
Hello
Now that you are signed in to your ezyCommerce account, we'd like to highlight some important points before you send in your inventory and place your orders. It's important you understand this clearly so you can plan ahead and we can always ensure a great experience for your customers
Sending Shipments to our warehouse
For all Inbound Shipments received by the warehouse on business day 0 by 4pm - goods will be received and ready for fulfilment
latest
on business day 2 by 4pm. However, we strive to receive all shipments within 1 business day and update you as soon as shipment is closed
Please follow the shipment preparation guidelines to ensure a smooth and timely receiving process
Shipping Orders from our warehouse
For all Outbound orders approved on business day 0 by 9am, Orders will be shipped out of warehouse
on business day 1 by 5pm. However, we strive to ship out all orders received until 8 AM on business day 1 on the same day
Delivery of orders to customers
Depending upon the delivery method chosen by you, the delivery service level agreement will start from the time your order is shipped out of our warehouse. For example, when using Domestic Standard delivery, all orders shipped out by 5 PM on business day 0 will get delivered latest on business day 1, by 6 PM
Please refer to our
section for detailed SLAs and other guidelines
Now you're all set, get started and get ready to transform the way you sell online
Leave us your details and we will get in touch with you as soon as possible
Submit
Terms & Conditions
@ 2014 SINGAPORE POST LIMITED. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
Powered by
Toggle navigation
Logout
My Account
Create Inbound Shipment
Enter the Inbound Shipment Plan Name and Ship From address. Search and add products you wish to send to the warehouse. Choose who will label the units in the shipment. Click Create Shipment to create an Inbound Shipment ID. Fields marked with asterisk (*) are mandatory
Add Products
Send Shipment
Shipment Plan Name
Ship From Address
Product Details
Who Labels?
Remove the products highlighted in red or resolve the issues in order to create shipment
Label Quantity
Remove
Inactive Product
Archived Product
Edit Inbound Shipment
You can edit all information other than Inbound Shipment Plan Name. Add or remove products and choose who will label the units in the shipment. Click Next to proceed to the next step and update Inbound Shipment details
Save & Proceed
Edit Shipment
Please add atleast one product to edit shipment
Search Shipments
No matching shipments found
Shipment ID
Plan Name
Expected Quantity
Arrival Details
Received Details
Label by
Total units
Carrier
Expected
Received
Upload Shipment
Shipment Status
Pending
In Transit
Send Inbound Shipment
You can update the Inbound shipment details and print labels here. We advise you to update the Carrier name and Carrier Tracking Number if you have this information. We will start receiving the shipment only after the complete shipment has arrived. The total number of cartons we receive should match what you enter here. Please provide the carton number visible from the outside
Update Shipment Details
Carrier Name
Carrier Tracking Number
Carrier Tracking #
Estimated Ship Date
Estimated Arrival Date
Total Number of Cartons
Print Product & Box Labels
Products will be ready for order fulfillment by
if you send the Shipment before
Change Status to In Transit
Shipment Preparation Checklist
Please make sure that the following tasks have been completed before you send the Shipment. This will allow us to receive and process your Shipment without any delays.
You are shipping the right products (SKUs) as given in the Shipment.
Number of units shipped for each product matches with the Shipment quantity for each product.
Product Labels have been printed and pasted on every unit (if you chose 'Merchant' under Who labels?).
Shipment Box labels have been printed and pasted on every external carton in the shipment.
All items are securely packed with suitable packaging/filler materials - without any open/damaged cartons.
All cartons are fully sealed with brown tape or transparent tape.
Total number of cartons you enter in this page matches with the total number of cartons you ship to us.
For Inbound Shipment notices received by the warehouse before the cut-off time at business day 0 by 4pm -  goods will be received and ready for fulfilment latest by business day 2 by 4pm. However we strive to receive all shipments within 1 business day.This SLA does not apply if the Inbound shipment has problems such as damages and quantity discrepancies
Upload Inbound Shipment
Download the Shipment template and open in Excel or any other spreadsheet. Please read and follow the instructions provided in the 'Guide' sheet before filling the data. You can upload only one shipment at a time. Once you have uploaded the file, you can monitor the status in Shipment file upload summary section below.
Prepare your Shipment file
Locate Shipment File
Shipment file upload summary
Shipment
Shipment Specification
Expected Cartons
Print Labels
Inventory Receipt
Size & Dimension
Will be updated once warehouse receives your Shipment
Shipment History
Track your shipment activity from here.
Print Summary

Signup:
^^^^^^^
Account Setup
Verify & Create Account
Get Started Now!
We&#146;re really excited that you&#146;re interested to sign up for ezyCommerce. Please have the following information ready before you begin
A valid email that you have access to
Your registered company name and address
Your Company registration identification (UEN/GSTN)
A valid contact number that will allow us to reach you during the registration process
Credentials Setup
This will be your username. Kindly make sure that you can access this email. We will send a verification link to this email after you SignUp
Company Registration Number
You need to be a registered company in Singapore and provide a valid UEN / GSTN
Please choose a security question and an answer that is simple to remember yet difficult to be guessed by others
Give us your contact details below. Our Merchant Support Team might use the information you enter to contact you.
Country code
Number without country code
SPRING SME subsidy grant
Please provide us more information about your business to help us serve you better.  You may be eligible for the ezyCommerce-SPRING SME subsidy grant which will provide you rebates up to 70% of your monthly fulfillment charges
To apply for this grant, you should be
Registered company in Singapore and have at least 30% local shareholding
Company group annual sales not more than $100mil (OR) company group employment size not more than 200 workers
Your application will be reviewed within 3 working days and you will be informed on the outcome. SP eCommerce reserves the right to revise applicable eligibility terms, accept or refuse the grant without providing any reason
If you do not meet the eligibility criteria, you can still go ahead and sign-up for ezyCommerce without the grant
I wish to apply for the ezyCommerce-SME subsidy grant and confirm that I meet the above criteria for the application
Please provide the below information for our reference
Tell us a little more about your business. This will help us to serve you better and customize special offers or packages exclusively for you
Number of unique Products (SKUs) sold
URL of Website where you are currently selling
Number of overseas countries currently selling
Are you an existing Singpost Corporate customer?
Review your information
All the information you entered in Steps 1 and 2 are shown here. Please make sure they are correct and agree to the standard T&Cs before you register. Click on the Back button to modify any information. If you are all set, click Sign Up Now to complete your registration.
If you have applied for an ezyCommerce-SPRING SME subsidy grant, you will be separately notified on the outcome of this application.
Company Registration Number Type
No. of overseas countries currently selling
Referral type
Referral Name
CAPTCHA validation
Promo Code
if any
I have read & agreed to the
Terms &  Conditions
Sign Up Now
you're almost ready to get started!
Thank you for signing up for an ezyCommerce account. An activation email has been sent to
Please click on the activation link to verify your email. You can login to your account as soon as your account has been approved by the administrator
Didn't receive an email?  Please check your junk folder and add ezyCommerce domain to your safe senders list. If you still didn't receive the email, you can submit a request to
Resend
it
Got questions? Contact us at +65 6229 5979 or email us at support@ezycommerce.com






















